27 THE WIFE OF ATHOS


We have now to search for Athos,” said d’Artagnan to the vivacious
Aramis, when he had informed him of all that had passed since their
departure from the capital, and an excellent dinner had made one of them
forget his thesis and the other his fatigue.

“Do you think, then, that any harm can have happened to him?” asked
Aramis. “Athos is so cool, so brave, and handles his sword so
skillfully.”

“No doubt. Nobody has a higher opinion of the courage and s27 THE WIFE OF ATHOS


We have now to search for Athos,” said d’Artagnan to the vivacious
Aramis, when he had informed him of all that had passed since their
departure from the capital, and an excellent dinner had made one of them
forget his thesis and the other his fatigue.

“Do you think, then, that any harm can have happened to him?” asked
Aramis. “Athos is so cool, so brave, and handles his sword so
skillfully.”

“No doubt. Nobody has a higher opinion of the courage and s27 THE WIFE OF ATHOS27 THE WIFE OF ATHOS


We have now to search for Athos,” said d’Artagnan to the vivacious
Aramis, when he had informed him of all that had passed since their
departure from the capital, and an excellent dinner had made one of them
forget his thesis and the other his fatigue.

“Do you think, then, that any harm can have happened to him?” asked
Aramis. “Athos is so cool, so brave, and handles his sword so
skillfully.”

“No doubt. Nobody has a higher opinion of the courage and s27 THE WIFE OF ATHOS


We have now to search for Athos,” said d’Artagnan to the vivacious
Aramis, when he had informed him of all that had passed since their
departure from the capital, and an excellent dinner had made one of them
forget his thesis and the other his fatigue.

“Do you think, then, that any harm can have happened to him?” asked
Aramis. “Athos is so cool, so brave, and handles his sword so
skillfully.”

“No doubt. Nobody has a higher opinion of the courage and s27 THE WIFE OF ATHOS


We have now to search for Athos,” said d’Artagnan to the vivacious
Aramis, when he had informed him of all that had passed since their
departure from the capital, and an excellent dinner had made one of them
forget his thesis and the other his fatigue.

“Do you think, then, that any harm can have happened to him?” asked
Aramis. “Athos is so cool, so brave, and handles his sword so
skillfully.”

“No doubt. Nobody has a higher opinion of the courage and s27 THE WIFE OF ATHOS


We have now to search for Athos,” said d’Artagnan to the vivacious
Aramis, when he had informed him of all that had passed since their
departure from the capital, and an excellent dinner had made one of them
forget his thesis and the other his fatigue.

“Do you think, then, that any harm can have happened to him?” asked
Aramis. “Athos is so cool, so brave, and handles his sword so
skillfully.”

“No doubt. Nobody has a higher opinion of the courage and s27 THE WIFE OF ATHOS


We have now to search for Athos,” said d’Artagnan to the vivacious
Aramis, when he had informed him of all that had passed since their
departure from the capital, and an excellent dinner had made one of them
forget his thesis and the other his fatigue.

“Do you think, then, that any harm can have happened to him?” asked
Aramis. “Athos is so cool, so brave, and handles his sword so
skillfully.”

“No doubt. Nobody has a higher opinion of the courage and s27 THE WIFE OF ATHOS


We have now to search for Athos,” said d’Artagnan to the vivacious
Aramis, when he had informed him of all that had passed since their
departure from the capital, and an excellent dinner had made one of them
forget his thesis and the other his fatigue.

“Do you think, then, that any harm can have happened to him?” asked
Aramis. “Athos is so cool, so brave, and handles his sword so
skillfully.”

“No doubt. Nobody has a higher opinion of the courage and s


We have now to search for Athos,” said d’Artagnan to the vivacious
Aramis, when he had informed him of all that had passed since their
departure from the capital, and an excellent dinner had made one of them
forget his thesis and the other his fatigue.

“Do you think, then, that any harm can have happened to him?” asked
Aramis. “Athos is so cool, so brave, and handles his sword so
skillfully.”

“No doubt. Nobody has a higher opinion of the courage and s